I898 initial expression (#899)
myokit/myokit: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
- Added

>   - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) allow initial conditions for state variables to be expressions (previously only literals allowed).
>   - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) added `myokit.NonConstantExpressionError` for an error where a constant expression is expected.
>   - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) `Model.state_values` returns a list of floats, the result of evaluating each element of `Model.state`.
> - Changed
>   - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) `Model.state` now returns a list of expressions.
>   - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) `Variable.promote` can take an expression, a number, or a string (parsed as an expression) for the arg `state_value`.
> - Deprecated
> - Removed
>   - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) removed `myokit.NonLiteralValueError` as no longer used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) Initial conditions for state variables can now be (constant-valued) expressions. Previously, only literals were allowed.
  - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) Added `myokit.NonConstantExpressionError` for an error where a constant expression is expected.
  - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) `Model.state_values` now returns a list of floats, the result of evaluating each element of `Model.state`.
- Changed
  - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) `Model.state` now returns a list of expressions.
  - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) `Variable.promote` can now take an expression, a number, or a string (parsed as an expression) for the argument `state_value`.
- Deprecated
- Removed
  - [#898](https://github.com/myokit/myokit/pull/899) `NonLiteralValueError` is now no longer raised by Myokit and so has been removed.
```
